docs (node_configs): Updated guide (#415)
aimakerspace/PeekingDuck: docs/source/getting_started/02_configure_pkdk.md

# Changing Nodes and Settings

This page will guide users on how to control and configure how PeekingDuck behaves by
- Selecting which nodes to include in the pipeline
- Configuring node behaviour

In this guide, we will make changes to PeekingDuck config files to run pose estimation models. We will also teach users how to make changes to the default configurations to run a bird detection pipeline on a local video file.

By default, `run_config.yml` uses the following nodes:

```yaml
nodes:
- input.live
- model.yolo
- draw.bbox
- output.screen
```

> ## Changing to a pose estimation pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing Nodes
```
Sounds more general

By default, `model.yolo` detects humans. We can change its behavior either by 1) updating the `run_config.yml`; or 2) updating the configs at runtime via CLI.

### via `run_config.yml`

1. From the default `run_config.yml`, we'll need to change the settings of 3 nodes: the `input` and `output` directories, and the object to be detected from a human to a bird, as follows:
    ```yaml
    nodes:
      - input.recorded:       # note the ":"
          input_dir: <directory where videos/images are stored>
      - model.yolo:           # note the ":"
          detect_ids: [14]    # ID to detect the "bird" class is 14 for this model
      - draw.bbox
      - output.media_writer:  # note the ":"
          output_dir: <directory to save results>
    ```

2. Run `peekingduck run`

### via CLI

1. From the default `run_config.yml`, update the nodes accordingly:
  ```yaml
    nodes:
    - input.live
    - model.yolo
    - draw.bbox
    - output.screen
  ```
2. Run PeekingDuck with `--node_config` and the new configurations in a JSON-like structure:
 ```bash

>  peekingduck run --node_config "{'input.live': {'input_dir': <directory where videos/images are stores}, \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 peekingduck run --node_config "{'input.live': {'input_dir': <directory where videos/images are stored}, \
```

                                 'model.yolo': {'detect_ids': [14]}, \
                                 'output.media_writer': {'output_dir': <directory to save results>}}"
 ```

>   Notice that the configs are structured in a {<node_name>: {<param_name>:<param_value>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Notice that the configs are structured in a {<node_name>: {<param_name>:<param_value>}} format.
```

Regardless of the method you choose to configure PeekingDuck, the processed files will be saved to the specified output directory once PeekingDuck is finished running. You should get this in your output file:

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimakerspace/PeekingDuck/dev/images/readme/ducks_demo.gif" width="50%">

## PeekingDuck API Reference

> We have highlight the basic configurations for different use case that you may encounter while running a PeekingDuck project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have highlighted the basic configurations for different nodes that you may wish to use for your project.
```
